Modify rule S6236: Reduce scope to template instantions only (#294)
SonarSource/rspec: rules/S6236/cfamily/rule.adoc

{cpp}11 introduced the concept of _forwarding-reference_, as a way to transfer types effectively. 
In combination with `std::forward`, their usage allows passing values without unnecessary copies.

The expression ``std::forward<T>(obj).mem``, can be used to forward the value of the member, according to the type of `obj`:
move the member if the obj is an rvalue reference, and copy otherwise. 

> However, in the corner case, when member mem is of rvalue reference type, member `mem` will be copied even if `obj` is an rvalue.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
However, in the corner case, when the member `mem` is of rvalue reference type, it will be copied even if `obj` itself is an rvalue.
```
I don't think we use the same spelling for rvalue everywher (RValue, r-value, and probably other variants...

Author: Standard uses term `rvalue` and I think that we should follow it.

Detecting the program is affected by this nuance is not trivial and best left to the tools.

> This rule raises issues for templates, that are instantiated with types that lead to an accidental copy of forwarded members.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This rule raises issues when a templates is instantiated with a type that leads to an accidental copy of memberds of forwarded objects.
```

== Noncompliant Code Example

----
template<typename... Ts>
void consume(Ts&&... ts)

template<typename T, typename U>
void consumePair(std::pair<T, U>&& p) {

>   cosume(std::move(p).first, std::move(p.second)); // Noncomplaint

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  consume(std::move(p).first, std::move(p.second)); // Noncompliant (see later)
```

}
void use1() {
  std::string  x = 0, y = 1;
  std::pair<std:string&&, std::string&&> rRefPair(std::ref(x), std::ref(y));

>   consumePair(std::move(rRefPair)); // Triggers non-complaint instantation of consumePair

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  consumePair(std::move(rRefPair)); // Triggers noncompliant instantation of consumePair
```

                                    // with T = std:::string&& and U = std::string&&
}

template<typename Pair>
void forwardPair(Pair&& p) {

>   cosume(std::forward<T>(p).first, std::forward<T>(p).second); // Noncomplaint

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  consume(std::forward<T>(p).first, std::forward<T>(p).second); // Noncompliant (see later)
```

}
void use2() {
  std::string  x = 0, y = 1;
  std::pair<std:string&&, std::string&&> rRefPair(std::ref(x), std::ref(y));

>   forwardPair(rRefPair); // OK, lvalue is passed

Reviewer: Not clear to the non expert...

>   forwardPair(std::move(rRefPair)); // Triggers non-complaint instantation of forwardPair

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  forwardPair(std::move(rRefPair)); // Triggers noncompliant instantation of forwardPair
```

                                    // with Pair = std::pair<std:string&&, std::string&&>
}

template<typename Pair>
void forwardStruct(T&& p) {

>     cosume(std::forward<T>(p).mem); // Noncomplaint

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    consume(std::forward<T>(p).mem); // Noncompliant
```

}

struct Proxy {
    std::vector<int>& mem;
};
void use3() {
  std::vector<int> v;
  Proxy proxy{v};
  forwardStruct(proxy); // OK, lvalue is passed

>   forwardStruct(std::move(proxy)); // Triggers non-complaint instantation of forwardStruct

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  forwardStruct(std::move(proxy)); // Triggers noncompliant instantation of forwardStruct
```

                                   // with T = Proxy&&

}
----

== Compliant Solution

----
template<typename T, typename U>
void consumePair(std::pair<T, U>&& p) {

>     cosume(std::get<0>(std::move(p)), std::get<0>(std::move(p)));

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    consume(std::get<0>(std::move(p)), std::get<1>(std::move(p)));
```
Is this guaranteed that `get<0>` will not invalidate other members of the rvalue-red pair?

Author: Yes, it is

Author: The pattern is used all over the stanard, see `std::apply`

Author: Move is only cast here.

}

template<typename Pair>
void forwardPair(Pair&& p) {

>     cosume(std::get<0>(std::forward<T>(p)), std::get<0>(std::forward<T>(p)));

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    consume(std::get<0>(std::forward<T>(p)), std::get<1>(std::forward<T>(p)));
```

}

template<typename Pair>
void forwardStruct(T&& t) {
  constexpr bool isMoveOfRvalueReferenceMember 
      = std::is_rvalue_reference_v<decltype(t.mem)> && std::is_rvalue_reference_v<T&&>;
  if constexpr (isMoveOfRvalueReferenceMember) {

>     cosume(std::move(t.mem));

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    consume(std::move(t.mem));
```

  } else {

>     cosume(std::forward<T>(t).mem);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    consume(std::forward<T>(t).mem);
```
